Update js-sdk.md (#238)
transposit/docs: building/js-sdk.md

1. Navigate to **Users &gt; User Configuration &gt; User settings page**
2. Select **Advanced (custom page template)**
3. Specify **Successful sign-in URIs**.

> Transposit only allows redirection to these URIs during sign-in. This list should be empty if you are only using [user configuration](/docs/building/user-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transposit allows redirection only to these URIs during sign-in. Leave this list empty to redirect users to the  [user settings page](/docs/building/user-config) after signing in.
```
